Thanks everyone for joining today’s meeting. Jane will send out the updated project timeline by Monday, so please check and confirm your deliverables once it's shared. Tom mentioned he'll look into venue options for the client event and will report back by Thursday. 

We still need someone to finalise the catering order — maybe Emily can help with that? If not, we’ll assign it next week. Sarah offered to draft the new client proposal and will aim to complete a first version by the end of this week. Please review and leave comments on the shared doc once it’s available.

Also, we should follow up with the design team next week about the new logo concepts. This doesn’t need to happen immediately, but it should be wrapped up before the end of the month. Deadline for the presentation slides is next Friday. Everyone should upload their drafts to the shared folder at least 24 hours before that.

Finally, James suggested scheduling a short check-in meeting next Wednesday to align on progress — he can send the invite.
